# Using perl5 POD for now, since perl6 POD renderers are fairly limited at the
# moment.
=head1 NAME

lazybrake - A command-line wrapper for HandBrakeCLI that streamlines and automates ripping

=head1 SYNOPSIS

lazybrake [OPTIONS] [<title> ...]

=head1 SUMMARY

lazybrake is a command-line wrapper for HandBrakeCLI that streamlines and
automates ripping. It can automate ripping of many discs, either of movies or
TV series, by just starting the rip automatically when a disc is inserted and
then ejecting it once the ripping is done, ready to accept a new disc. For TV
series it will rip individual episodes (if possible), and for movies it will
rip the main title. You can also manually provide it with a list of titles to
rip, useful for certain stubborn discs.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<--help>

Display the help screen

=item B<--version>

Output the lazybrake version and exit

=item B<--verbose>

Increase lazybrake verbosity.

=item B<--name=Str>

Provide a name for the disc being ripped. This will be prepended to the
autogenerated name. It is usually a very good idea to provide I<--name> since
many discs will often not have very sane names.

=item B<--loop>

Enable looping to rip multiple discs. Once it is finished ripping a disc, it
will eject it and wait for a new disc to be inserted. It will automatically
name discs with the disc number, starting with disc 1 (or the number supplied
with I<--disc-no>). To exit from I<--loop>-mode press Control+C (or any
equivalent means of sending SIGTERM).

=item B<--tv>

Enable TV mode. This is B<the default mode>. In TV-mode lazybrake will rip
episodes, ie.  all titles on a disc that matches certain criteria. That
criteria is that the title must not exceed I<--max-duration> seconds in length,
and must be at least I<--min-duration> seconds in length (see the documentation
for those options for information about defaults). The reason for this is that many
discs, in particular older discs, will include a title that contains all episodes,
as well as titles for the individual episodes. Additionally they may also contain
smaller things, like trailers or short special features. Enforcing a minimum
and maximum duration will then be able to in most cases skip ripping of those
titles and just rip the episodes themselves.

=item B<--disc-no=Int>

Change the disc number that a I<--loop> rip should start on. It defaults to 1,
but if you want to continue a previously started season, ie. where you've
ripped up to disc 3, you can provide --disc-no=4 to start filenames from that
disc onwards.

=item B<--min-duration=Int>

Set the minimum duration for a title that is to be ripped. This can be
used to skip short special features and trailers on TV series discs.

B<The default is 900 seconds>.

=item B<--max-duration=Int>

Set the maximum duration for a title that is to be ripped. This can be used to
skip titles that contain all episodes on the disc. Often TV series, in
particular older, will contain each episode as its own title, and also each
episode in one very long title. This can be used to skip the one that contains
all of them, avoiding ripping everything twice. A good value is 2x the normal
length of a single episode (plus 100 seconds or so), to allow for
double-episodes to be ripped.

B<The default is 3600 seconds>. Suitable series with episodes lasting for half
an hour or less. For series lasting longer (ie. 40 or 60 minutes), you should
alter this to avoid lazybrake missing episodes when ripping.

=item B<--movie>

Enable movie mode. In movie mode lazybrake will default to only ripping a single
title, namely the one marked as MAIN FEATURE on the disc. It will obey
I<--min-duration> when scanning, but ignores I<--max-duration>.

If lazybrake fails to detect the movie title, you will need to provide the title
manually. You should still supply I<--movie> to enable movie mode when you do.

=item B<--two-pass>

Enables two-pass encoding. This is slower than single-pass, but can increase
the quality of video files without sacrificing filesize. The default is
single-pass encoding.

=item B<--pass-opts=Str>

This allows you to pass command-line parameters directly to HandBrakeCLI. Use
with care, as lazybrake will not validate the parameters supplied. The string
gets passed as-is to HandBrakeCLI, as a single parameter (meaning you will need
to use --opt=val if the option you're supplying also requires a parameter). You
may only provide a single --pass-opts.

=item B<--audiolang=Str>

Select the language of the audio track(s) to rip. If you do not provide an
--audiolang then the default language for the disc will be used. I<Str> can be
the language code (ie. "eng") or the language (ie. "English").  You can rip
multiple languages by separating them with commas. If an audio track matching
that language can't be found, it will still rip the disc, but will either 1)
omit that language but rip other languages provided, or 2) rip
the default language track.

=item B<--subtitle=Str>

Select a subtitle to rip. I<Str> can be the the language code (ie. "nor") or
the language (ie. "Norwegian"). If a subtitle matching that language can't be
found, it will still rip the disc, but will omit the subtitle. You can rip
multiple languages by separating them by commas.

=item B<--no-eject>

Don't eject a disc when done. Conflicts with I<--loop> since it requires disc
ejection to work.

=item B<--device=Str>

Set the device to rip from. Usually lazybrake autodetects this on its own,
but if it fails then you can provide it with a --device to help it along.

=item B<--dry-run>

Don't actually rip any files, just output what would have been done.

=item B<--debug>, B<--full-debug>

Enables debugging output from lazybrake, and debugging output from both
lazybrake and HandBrakeCLI respectively.

=back

=head1 HELP/SUPPORT

If you need additional help, please visit the website at
L<http://random.zerodogg.org/lazybrake>

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

If you find a bug, please report it at L<http://random.zerodogg.org/lazybrake/bugs>

=head1 AUTHOR

B<lazybrake> is written by Eskild Hustvedt I<<code aatt zerodogg d0t org>>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) Eskild Hustvedt 2016

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see L<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
